Selenium test things to build

Scrollclick
Scrollclick debugging logging
Linear scrollclick?

Nose and django testrunner integration

PDB
Pdb/ipdb integration for the pause on error code.
Is it possible to force width of terminal window to fix weird printout issues?
Printout namespace?
Disable pdb if running in parallel?
Can we make control-D exit pdb and test?
Inject some helper variables when dropping into the the pdb:
The error object
A variable named TEST, T
- Print stacktrace coloriized
- handle to the error in case user overwrites it
- retry test - reruns teeth test that just crashed, reloads code? Is that even possible?
- restart tests - exits and restarts the test suite? get copyable command to run this test.
- restart test class
TEST_CLASS, TC the _instance_ of the test class, self
- reload and rerun all tests in class
- has access to all helper functions on the class object
SELENIUM, S - literally the selenium handle to do arbitrary selenium commands
SELENIUM_HELPERS, SH
- handle to all the selenium helper commands but you magically don't have to include "self" because they are not class methods of your testcase!
Need to overwrite exit() to intelligently close selenium.


Fixture loading failure detection and avoidance.

Colored logging
Make the logging print the name of the test it is in by looking at the stack

Automatic finding of chromedriver (and firefox driver.

Handle the weird parallelization options.

Standalone capability (django not a requirement)

Flask support

Helpers to execute javascript from a file instead of inline javascript.  Hook into static files maybe?

Is it possible to detect terminal window width to improve the test library screwing with printouts?

repeat tests at multiple resolutions
(is it possible to run those in parallel?
Run test at a particular resolution - undoes this at the end of test.
Hook to resize browser window - undoes this at the end of test.

Headless operation
Automatic window sizing

Global settings.
Force_settings decorator for making settings specific to one test.
Hook to adjust settings mid-test but revert at end of test?

Cookies...
Make cookies clear at the end of each test? If not clear by default make a run_in_incognito decorator? Might be easiest to just restart the chromedriver for this
Decorator to set cookies for the duration of a test.
Cookie extraction assistant - make it really easy to extract cookies form the runtime of a test.
CSRF django integration???

Wrapper with intelligent retry:
-exponential backoff?
-smart logging
-is it possible to do a with statement? Probably not, scope is exited, same as pdb issues...


Wrapper to open N different browsers controled by selenium.

Check for updates to version of chromedriver, chrome (and other browsers)

Force user to configure a webdriver resolution, refuse to launch without.

Monkeypatch selenium functions that are fragile with a warning statement about why the function is bad and should be replaced with X and file and line number of the call.